How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?

Viewing a diff between the two versions of the file showed me where a typo was 
introduced. Ideally, any text difference between the two files would be an
intentional change (e.g., changing the value of a variable or what should happen
when a certain key is pressed). But if a typo is introduced between versions, that
will also show up as a difference. So all you have to do is scan the differences
and see of the changes include a misspelling or syntax error.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

If you have easy access to the entire history of a file, you can return to a
previous version automatically. If you manually re-entered the information from
a previous version, you have a chance to add typos. Then you'll have new bugs and
you'll have to spend time fixing them. But if the file can automatically revert to
any previous version of itself, you don't have to worry about human error and will
have that many fewer bugs to squash.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

One pro of manually choosing when to commit is that you can ensure that each commit
captures a single change and is easy to understand. On the other hand, this also
enables the user to commit at the wrong time, thus introducing human error or
confusion if another person tries to make sense of your commits. A pro of automatic
saving is that you can't forget to save and lose your work. But a con is that if
you look at the version history, the saves may have taken place in the middle of
editing a file, in which case that version might not even compile.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git allows saving multiple files in one commit because it's more likely that every
change in a single commit is related, even if they happen across multiple files.
GoogleDocs isn't designed for coding projects. In regular text documents or
spreadsheets, the changes in one file don't necessarily have anything to do with
changes in another file (although there are possible exceptions, like if each file
was a chapter in the same book).

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

You can use git log on a file or repository to scroll through every commit. If the
commits are clearly labeled, you can tell what change was made in each one. Since each
commit in the git log has a unique ID, you can use git diff to see what changed in
the file or files between two specific commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could 
break something?

Version control enables you to go back to a perfect copy of an earlier version of
your file. So if you make a new commit with a big change that winds up breaking
something, it's easy to go back to the previous commit when everything still worked.
Plus. you can use git diff on those two commits to find exactly what you changed.
Something in one of those changes must have caused the bug.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git to organize my web design and development projects, most of which
involve multiple files. Organizing my projects in terms of commits (where each
commit represents a single meaningful change), will make it much easier for me to
experiment with code and still go back to previous versions as needed.