What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, Git creates hidden metadata within that
directory. This step is necessary because the metadata needs to exist before
Git can start tracking the differences between commits. When you first
initialize a repository, Git does not make a commit. So there's no version
history until you make the first commit manually.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is different from the working directory in that you can
selectively upload specific files to the staging area rather than the
entire directory. The staging area is different from the repository because
it is just a temporary space to organize files before you save them to a
commit. The value of the staging area is that you can organize the files
you use in a commit based on a single conceptual idea. It helps you organize
clear, intuitive commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?

The staging area allows you to compare a specific file or files with what's in 
the most recent commit. That way you can see exactly what changes will be made 
in the next commit. So if there are multiple unrelated changes, you can go back 
and change the file in the staging area so that every change is related to the same
conceptual idea.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

Branches can keep your history organized if you want to preserve the status of your
master branch but also see how your project would work if you made experimental 
changes. Branches enable this by letting you switch back to the original version
if anything goes wrong, or if you just don't like how the changes play out. Branches
can also help if you want to make a specialized version of your main project (e.g.,
one optimized for a different device or browser, or translated into a different
language).

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams of branch structure show the most recent commits in each branch and then
go backward possibly as far back as the beginning of the project. This shows each
commit in terms of its parent as well as which commits are reachable from each
branch. Diagrams can also show exactly when a new branch was started, and thus how
much code the branches have in common.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

When two branches are merged together, Git creates a new commit that combines the
changes from both branches, with the most recent commits from each branch serving
as the parents of the new merged commit. To determine which changes to include in the
merged version, Git first looks at the last commit before the branches separated. 
Any code that was deleted from that point in one branch will be deleted from the new
merged commit, and any code that was added in one branch will be added to the new
merged commit as well. In the diagram, we draw lines connecting this new merged commit
with the most recent commit in both branches to show that they are both considered
parents of the new commit. 